#summary Ideas for Vanderbilt Applications

= Introduction =

Feel free to toss up any ideas you have for VU apps - either edit the page, or put them in the comments. 


= Details =

Vandy Vans 
  * See VV route info & current VV locations
  * Integrate with Nashville bus system to see buses and routes for nashville!

Campus Maps
  * It would be great if the VU stationary "you are here" maps around the campus had a note about downloading a live map. It would make it easier to get around once you left the map stand.


Health
    * Health Plus is the VU free gym. It would be great to have their current class schedule and updates as an app.

Location-aware questions/polls/requests
   * Do you think it would be feasible to enhance our various Vandy apps
to provide a service in which users can drop questions/polls/ requests
at a physical location.  These questions have an associated answering
zone (e.g. a radius around the question's location).  People entering
the answer zone will be notified of the question and can submit an
answer if they desire.  Using this infrastructure, various applications
(such as homework assignments involving questions tied to physical
locations, lost& found queries, neighborhood polling, audience of
customer feedback, etc) could be developed.  In addition, we could build
data mining services that will use the question/answer approach and then
use the resulting polling data (which is tied to foot traffic rather
than phone numbers) to reverse engineer demographic models and do new
forms of data analysis.